Editorial review: Document AudioPlaybackStats (#43719)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audioplaybackstats/underrunevents/index.md

---
title: "AudioPlaybackStats: underrunEvents property"
short-title: underrunEvents
slug: Web/API/AudioPlaybackStats/underrunEvents
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.AudioPlaybackStats.underrunEvents
---

{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}

> The **`underrunEvents`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AudioPlaybackStats")}} interface is a number indicating the number of [underrun events](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioPlaybackStats#underrun_event) since the audio context was initialized.

Reviewer: or just this?
```suggestion
The **`underrunEvents`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AudioPlaybackStats")}} interface indicates the number of [underrun events](/en-US/docs/Web/API/AudioPlaybackStats#underrun_event) since the audio context was initialized.
```

Author: Like it; used.

## Value

An integer indicating the number of underrun events. Initialized to `0`.

## Examples

### Basic usage

```js
const audioCtx = new AudioContext();
const stats = audioCtx.playbackStats;

// ...

> // Log current number of underrun events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Log the number of underrun events
```
